Release 2021.11.0 (#2716)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/identity-providers/index.md

What is an Identity Provider? It is a service that creates and maintains identity information and then provides authentication services to your applications. Identity Providers can significantly reduce sign-in and registration friction, which allows your users to easily access applications without needing to create new passwords or remember usernames.

<a href='/docs/guides/identity-providers/' class='Button--blueDarkOutline card' data-proofer-ignore>
	<span>Add an Identity Provider integration</span>
</a>

## The big picture

Okta manages connections to other Identity Providers for your application and sits between your application and the Identity Provider that authenticates your users.

> -   When you use Okta as the [user store](https://developer.okta.com/product/user-management/) for your applications, users can sign in with their email and password by default. See our guides for how to sign in users to your [web](/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/), [mobile](/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app/), and [single-page](/docs/guides/sign-into-spa/) apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   When you use Okta as the [user store](/docs/concepts/user-profiles/) for your applications, users can sign in with their email and password by default. See our guides for how to sign in users to your [web](/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/), [mobile](/docs/guides/sign-into-mobile-app/), and [single-page](/docs/guides/sign-into-spa/) apps.
```
